We only need to destroy these kinds of crimes
to make use of our lives.
We are the people of the dragon's cave.
We are here to clean up the country.
We are not just cleaning up the country.
We are reviving China.
Reviving the East Asia.
We are the people of the dragon's cave.
We are not unemployed in the dragon's cave.
We are not only helping the people of the dragon's cave,
but also helping the people of the front and rear.
We are not just cleaning up the dragon's cave.
We are not just burning the statue of John Lennon.
Dear friends, I know that after I published this announcement,
John Lennon has made a mistake again.
He forced the front line soldiers, the rear line soldiers,
the military officers of the Revolutionary Army,
and his friends to join forces.
He also started to attack the enemy.
But I know that these are not the end.
We need to maintain peace.
We need to destroy the freedom of the country.
We need to use our base to revive the people.
I believe that no one can stop the peace of the country.
The peace of the country is to be built in the dragon's cave.
From the dragon's cave, we can connect the people of the front and rear.
The people of the foreign country must work together.
The people of the big cities in Hong Kong must work together.
We must be the most powerful Chinese.
Dear friends, what I am going to say tonight is this.
My topic is how to stop the war.
What I want to say tonight is not just a few words of reason,
but a method.
This method is not just my idea.
I have already reached their place of origin.
I have to show my sincerity.
My many complaints are in decline.
I have these few words.
I also hope for as many of you as possible not to hate me.
Hopfully, these words will be boldly spoken in a future.
We wish each other the highest common good!